feat: Add finance advisor spanner demo (#901)
GoogleCloudPlatform/generative-ai: gemini/sample-apps/finance-advisor-spanner/README.md

Among these funds, the client wants to choose from socially responsible funds. Next, I check the box for vector search, and now I can see ESG funds because Spanner performed a KNN vector search to match the search term "socially responsible" with "environmental, social and governance".

Finally, before I recommend a fund, I also want to check the exposure to a particular sector. This can be complex because funds can invest in other funds, called fund of funds which makes it hard to compute this. Spanner performs a graph search using this asset knowledge graph. By traversing the funds and its holdings which could also be funds and their holdings, Spanner can compute the client's exposure to a particular sector. I can see the funds that have exposure of 20% or more in the technology sector.

With the power of Spanner's multimodel support, I can run complex workloads on a single database for relational, analytical, text and vector use cases with virtually unlimited scale, five nines of availability—including enterprise security and governance for mission critical workloads.

> This demo highlights [Spanner](https://cloud.google.com/spanner), integration with [Vertex AI LLMs](https://cloud.google.com/model-garden?hl=en) for both embeddings and text completion models. You will learn how Spanner can help with usecases where you run Full Text Search, Approximate Nearest neighbor search and vector similarity search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo highlights [Spanner](https://cloud.google.com/spanner), integration with [Vertex AI LLMs](https://cloud.google.com/model-garden?hl=en) for both embeddings and text completion models. You will learn how Spanner can help with use cases where you run Full Text Search, Approximate Nearest Neighbor search and vector similarity search.
```

   ```bash
   gcloud auth list
   gcloud config list project
   ```

5. Clone this repository and navigate to the project root:

   ```bash
   cd
   git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/generative-ai.git
   cd generative-ai/gemini/sample-apps/finance-advisor-spanner/
   ```

6. Create a Spanner instance
   <https://console.cloud.google.com/spanner/instances/new>

   > Note the instance Name

7. Import the data into the Spanner instance
   <https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/import#import-database>
   The bucket which has the Spanner export is in this public GCS Bucket

   `https://storage.googleapis.com/github-repo/generative-ai/sample-apps/finance-advisor-spanner/spanner-fts-mf-data-export/`

   > Note the Database Name

   The import process will run and import the database into a new Spanner database.

8. Run Additional DDL statements for the database to have all the necessary components.
   The DDL statements are in [Schema-Operations.sql](./Schema-Operations.sql) file in this directory.

   Change the endpoint as per your project and the spanner instance location

>    ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```sql
```
